# MONETARYCOIN TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Token Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of the Effective Date set forth below between the Seller and the Purchaser as identified below.  This Agreement includes and incorporates the below Purchase Terms, as well as Schedule A “Purchase Agreement Terms and Conditions,” Schedule B “Token Functionality,” and Schedule C “Risk Factors,”  which collectively form a single agreement.

This Agreement may be executed digitally or in counterparts (which may be exchanged by e-mail), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same Agreement. 

## PURCHASE TERMS

Signing Date: 	

Effective Date:	Date ETH is received by Seller

Token Being Purchased:

____ MonetaryCoinERO (MERO) Purchase Amount:	[____________] ETH

____ MonetaryCoinCHI (MCHI) Purchase Amount:	[____________] ETH

Purchaser Digital Wallet Address:	[____________]

Per Token Price:

MERO:  __________________ ETH

MCHI:  __________________ ETH

Total Number of Tokens to be Delivered:	[____________]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the Signing Date identified above.


   AYITI LTD
   
   
   By:________________________
   
   
   PURCHASER
   
   
   By:_______________________
   
   
   Name:_____________________

 
## SCHEDULE A
### PURCHASE AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

THESE PURCHASE AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FORM PART OF THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, between Ayiti Ltd a Limited Company organized under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles (the “Seller”) and the contributing party (the “Purchaser”).  

WHEREAS the Seller has created or caused to be created the MonetaryCoinERO and MonetaryCoinCHI digital cryptocurrency tokens (the “MERO Tokens” and “MCHI Tokens,” and collectively, the “Tokens”);

WHEREAS the Seller is developing and deploying, or causing to be developed and deployed, a governance and compliance platform for managing the Tokens (the “Platform”), as more fully described in the Seller’s Whitepaper as published from time to time on the Seller’s website https://monetarycoin.org (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the “Whitepaper”);

WHEREAS the Tokens are used in the Platform (i) as a medium of exchange, (ii) a store of value, (iii) a unit of account, or (iv) in connection with other usage as more fully described in the Seller’s Whitepaper.  This collectively constitutes “Token Functionality” as more fully described in the Whitepaper;

WHEREAS the Tokens have the uses and functionality as set forth in the Whitepaper and in Schedule B hereto;

WHEREAS the Purchaser expects to use the Tokens as set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS the Purchaser desires to deliver Ether (“ETH”) to the Seller in exchange for the Tokens to be delivered by the Seller to the Purchaser on the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
### 1.	PURCHASE AND GECKO TOKENS DELIVERY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.1.	Distribution Terms.  The purchase by the Purchaser of the Tokens and the delivery of the Tokens by the Seller are all subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement as well as any additional distribution terms as may be published on the Seller’s website from time to time (collectively, the “Distribution Terms”) which collectively govern all distributions, deliveries and sales of the Tokens by the Seller from time to time.  The Distribution Terms are hereby incorporated herein by reference and the Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser has read and understands the Distribution Terms and its contents.  The Distribution Terms may be updated, modified, amended or restated by the Seller from time to time.  In such event, the Seller will publish a revised version of the Distribution Terms on its website.  The Purchaser is responsible for monitoring the Seller’s website for such updates.

1.2.	Purchase. 

(a)	The Tokens Being Purchased, Purchase Amount, Total Number of the Tokens to be Delivered, Purchaser Digital Wallet Address, and Per Token Price are set forth in the “Purchase Terms.”  The Purchaser agrees to pay the Purchase Amount as specified in the Purchase Terms.  The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Per Token Price may be different for different Purchasers and shall be determined by the Seller in its sole discretion.

(b)	The Seller will accept payment under this Agreement in ETH.  The Purchaser shall make the required payment to the Seller in consideration for the Tokens through the Seller’s Purchase process as specified by the Seller from time to time.

1.3.	Token Delivery.  The Tokens will be generated and delivered electronically through a smart contract to the Purchaser’s digital wallet address.  The Seller will deploy the smart contracts for the Tokens.  As such, the Purchaser acknowledges that title to, and risk of loss of, the Tokens delivered to the Purchaser by such smart contracts passes from the Seller to the Purchaser.  The Tokens will be delivered to the Purchaser on such day or days as may be determined by the Seller in its discretion.

1.4.	Taxes.  The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of the Tokens may have tax consequences for the Purchaser and the Purchaser is solely responsible for complying with the Purchaser’s tax obligations.  All taxes (including any withholding, value added or consumption tax), charges, levies, assessments and other fees of any kind imposed on the purchase, receipt, storage or transfer of the Tokens to or by the Purchaser, shall be the sole responsibility of, and for the account of, the Purchaser.  The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Amount without deduction or withholding of any taxes and, to the extent required under applicable law, shall be solely responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, paying, settling and remitting any and all taxes to the appropriate tax authorities in each jurisdiction in which the Purchaser may be liable to pay tax.  To the extent permitted by law, the Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Seller and any of its affiliates, employees or agents (including Sellers and founders) harmless from and against any claim, liability, assessment or penalty with respect to any taxes (other than any net income taxes of the Seller that result from the generation and delivery of the Tokens) associated with or arising from the Purchaser’s acquisition of the Tokens pursuant to this Agreement, or the use or ownership of such the Tokens by the Purchaser.

1.5.	Purchase Amount to Become Property of the Seller.  The Purchase Amount shall be non-refundable.  On receipt of the Purchase Amount, it shall immediately become the sole and exclusive property of the Seller who shall be entitled to apply the Purchase Amount towards the ongoing development of the Platform, market adoption and other business operating expenses.  The application of the Purchase Amount shall be determined by the Seller acting in its sole and absolute discretion and the Seller shall be under no obligation to inform the Purchaser or verify to the Purchaser how the Purchase Amount is used.

1.6.	Purchase Factors; Trading Restrictions. 

(a)	The Purchaser understands and agrees that the Tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any other law or regulation governing the offering, sale or exchange of securities in the United States, in any state therein, or any other jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise determined by the Seller in its sole discretion, the Tokens will be distributed by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise only outside the United States to Purchasers who are non-U.S. persons

1.6.a.1.	For purposes of this Agreement,  “non-U.S. person” means (i) any person who is not a “U.S. person”  (ii) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or account of a non-U.S. person by a dealer or other professional fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States, (iii) any estate of which any professional fiduciary acting as executor or administrator is a U.S. person if (a) an executor or administrator of the estate who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate; and (b) the estate is governed by foreign law; (iv) any trust of which any professional fiduciary acting as trustee is a U.S. person, if a trustee who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the trust assets, and no beneficiary of the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. person; (v) an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with the law of a country other than the United States and customary practices and documentation of such country; (vi) any agency or branch of a U.S. person located outside the United States if (a) the agency or branch operates for valid business reasons; and (b) the agency or branch is engaged in the business of insurance or banking and is subject to substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the jurisdiction where located.  

1.6.a.2.	For purposes of this Agreement, “U.S. person” means (i) any natural person resident in the United Sates; (ii) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; (v) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; (vi) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; (vii) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United Sates; and (viii) any partnership or corporation if (a) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and (b) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by “accredited investors” who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. (b)	The Purchaser understands and agrees that it will be required to maintain the Tokens in such manner as determined by the Seller and shall only sell, assign, transfer or trade the Tokens to other non-U.S. persons. (c)	Neither this Agreement, nor the Whitepaper or the Distribution Terms constitute a prospectus or offering document and do not and are not intended to constitute an offer to sell, nor the solicitation of any offer to buy, an investment, a security or a commodity; or an option on or any other right to acquire any such investment, security or commodity.  None of this Agreement, the Whitepaper or the Distribution Terms have been reviewed by, passed on or submitted to any Republic of Seychelles or other financial regulatory authority or any United States federal or state agency or self-regulatory organization.  None of this Agreement, the Whitepaper or the Distribution Terms constitutes any invitation to the public in the Republic of Seychelles to subscribe for any securities. (d)	In designing the Tokens, the Seller has taken the view that the Tokens are “utility tokens” and should not be treated as securities under the Securities Act.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Seller is not able to provide any assurance that the Tokens would be exempt from regulation as a security under applicable United States securities laws or that the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) would not consider the Tokens to be securities under such laws and SEC regulations.  Accordingly, unless the Seller otherwise notifies the Purchaser to the contrary in writing, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Tokens are subject to sales, transfer and trading restrictions as set forth in this Section 1.6 and may be subject to other restrictions with respect to sales, trading, transfers, vesting and assignments as provided in the Distribution Terms, which shall be binding on all holders of the Tokens including, without limitation, the Purchaser.  Any such restrictions as set forth in the Distribution Terms shall be, unless the parties otherwise expressly agree in writing, in addition to and not in lieu of, the restrictions contained in this Section 1.6.

1.7.	Purchaser’s Security Obligations.  Prior to any delivery of the Tokens, the Purchaser will implement reasonable and appropriate measures designed to secure access to: (i) any device associated with the Purchaser and utilized in connection with the Purchaser’s receipt of the Tokens, (ii) private keys to the Purchaser’s wallet or the Tokens account and (iii) any other username, passwords or other login or identifying credentials.  In the event that Purchaser is no longer in possession of its private keys or any device associated with the Purchaser’s account or is not able to provide the Purchaser’s login or identifying credentials, the Purchaser may lose all of its the Tokens or access to its account.  The Seller is under no obligation to recover any the Tokens.

1.8.	Purchase Delivery Method.  The Purchaser has identified in the Purchase Terms a digital wallet address that supports the technical standards of the Tokens (in other words the Purchaser’s digital wallet must possess technical infrastructure that is compatible with the receipt, storage and transfer of the Tokens).  The Purchaser understands that the Seller reserves the right to prescribe additional conditions relating to the specific wallet requirements at any time acting in its sole and absolute discretion.

1.9.	Third Party Processor.  If the Purchaser uses a third party payment processor, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such payment processor is acting as agent for the Purchaser and not the Seller.  The Purchaser shall remain responsible for assuring that the Seller receives the Purchase Amount in accordance with the Purchase Terms.  The Seller will not be responsible for any loss of dues resulting from the use of a third party payment processor.

1.10.	Information Disclosure.  Upon request of the Seller, the Purchaser will provide such information and documents that the Seller, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to comply with any laws, regulations, rules or agreements.  The Purchaser consents to the disclosure by the Seller of such information and documents to any governmental entities or agencies as determined in the sole opinion of the Seller as may be necessary or required to comply with any applicable laws, regulations, rules or agreements.  The Purchaser acknowledges that the Seller may refuse to deliver the Tokens to the Purchaser until any such requested information has been provided to the Seller. The Purchaser also acknowledges and agrees that if the requested information has not been provided to the Seller in a timely fashion, the Seller reserves the right to in its sole discretion to (i) withhold delivery of the Tokens until the Purchaser provides such information as required or (ii) terminate the Agreement.

### 2.	NO OWNERSHIP RIGHTS; NO REPRESENTATIONS
2.1.	Whitepaper.  Subject to Section 2.3 below, the Tokens are intended to have the functionality as described in the Whitepaper and in Schedule B.  The Whitepaper is hereby incorporated herein by reference and the Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser has read and understands the Whitepaper and its contents.  The Whitepaper may be updated, modified, amended or restated by the Seller from time to time.  In such event, the Seller will publish a revised version of the Whitepaper on its website.  The Purchaser is responsible for monitoring the Seller’s website for such updates.

2.2.	No Ownership Rights; Not an Investment.  Ownership of the Tokens carry no rights, whether express or implied, other than a right to use the Tokens as set forth in the Whitepaper and in Schedule B.   

2.3.	No Representation and Warranty for the Tokens.  The Purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Tokens will be distributed to the Purchaser “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis.  The Seller makes no representations or warranties (either express or implied), including, without limitation, that the Tokens shall confer any actual or exercisable rights of use, functionality, features, purpose or attributes in connection with the Platform, as well as any warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability of fitness for a particular use with respect to the Tokens or the Tokens Functionality, or with respect to the Platform.  The Purchaser understands, acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything in the Whitepaper to the contrary, the Seller does not make any representations or warranties that the Tokens shall confer any actual or exercisable rights of use, functionality, features, purpose or attributes in connection with the Platform.  As a result, the Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the Purchaser may never receive delivery of any the Tokens and may lose the entire amount of the Purchase made to the Seller.

2.4.	No Rights to Intellectual Property.  The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Seller retains all, and the Tokens does not confer to the Purchaser any, right, title and interest in and to all of the Seller’s intellectual property, including without limitation, all inventions, ideas, concepts, code discoveries, processes, marks, methods, software, compositions, formulae, techniques, information and data, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or protectable in trademark, and in any trademarks, copyright or patents based thereon. 

2.5.	Not Legal Tender.  The Tokens are not legal tender, are not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to United States Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections or to the protections of any other jurisdiction.

2.6.	Use of Platform.  Any use of the Tokens in connection with providing or receiving services in the Platform will be governed primarily by other applicable terms and policies that may be posted by the Seller on its website from time to time (collectively, the “Platform Terms and Policies”).  The Seller may modify the Platform Terms and Policies from time to time in the Seller’s sole discretion.  The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees its use of the Tokens is subject to the Platform Terms and Conditions and the Purchaser is responsible for reviewing the Platform Terms and Conditions.

### 3.	RISKS
3.1.	Token Risks.  Delivering the Purchase Amount to the Seller, creating and issuing the Tokens and the development and deployment of the Tokens carry significant risks.  By entering into this Agreement, the Purchaser expressly acknowledges, accepts and assumes the risks as set forth in Schedule C to the Agreement. 

### 4.	PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

4.1.	The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants that:

(a)	Authority; Capacity.  The Purchaser has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to take delivery of and use the Tokens, and to carry out and perform its obligations under this Agreement.  If the Purchaser is an individual, the Purchaser is at least 18 years old and of sufficient legal age and capacity to make the Purchase and take delivery of the Tokens.  If the Purchaser is an entity, (i) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its domiciliary jurisdiction and in each jurisdiction where it conducts business and (ii) all corporate and legal action on the part of the Purchaser for the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder have been taken.

(b)	Validity.  This Agreement has been duly executed by the Purchaser and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.

(c)	No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a material default under, with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice: (i) any provision of the Purchaser’s constitutional or organization documents, if applicable, (ii) any provision of any judgment, decree or order to which the Purchaser is a party, by which it is bound, or to which any of its material assets are subject, (iii) any material agreement, obligation, duty or commitment to which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser is bound or (iv) any laws, regulations or rules applicable to the Purchaser.

(d)	No Consents or Approvals.  No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or designation, registration, declaration or filing with any applicable governmental authority on the part of the Purchaser is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the acquisition of the Tokens.

(e)	Purchaser Knowledge.  The Purchaser has sufficient knowledge and experience in business and financial matters, including a sufficient understanding of blockchain or cryptographic coin and other digital assets, smart contracts, storage mechanisms (such as digital or coin wallets), blockchain-based software systems and blockchain technology, to be able to evaluate the risk and merits of the Tokens, including but not limited to, the matters set forth in this Agreement, the Whitepaper and the Distribution Terms, and is able to bear the risks thereof, including loss of all amounts contributed pursuant to this Agreement, loss of the Tokens, and liability to the Seller and others for its acts and omissions, including without limitation, those constituting breach of this Agreement, negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct.  

(f)	No Reliance.  The Purchaser has had an opportunity to (i) review this Agreement, the Whitepaper and the Distribution Terms, (ii) ask questions of and receive answers from the Seller concerning the terms of this Agreement, the Tokens, the Whitepaper and the Distribution Terms and (iii) obtain any additional information concerning the Tokens and the Seller to the extent necessary for the Purchaser to make an informed decision to enter into this Agreement and acquire the Tokens.  The Purchaser acknowledges that in making a decision to make the Purchase to acquire the Tokens, the Purchaser has relied solely upon this Agreement, the Whitepaper, the Distribution Terms and independent investigations made by the Purchaser.  The Purchaser is not relying on the Seller with respect to the legal, tax and other economic factors involved in entering into this Agreement and understands that it is solely responsible for reviewing the legal, tax and other economic considerations involved with acquiring the Tokens with its own legal, tax and other advisers.

(g)	No Distribution; Not an Agent.  The Purchaser is acquiring the Tokens for its own account, use and benefit and not with a view to distribute, assign, sell or otherwise transfer the Tokens.  The Purchaser is not acquiring the Tokens as an agent, or nominee on behalf of any other person or entity and no other person or entity will have a direct or indirect beneficial interest in any the Tokens delivered to the Purchaser.

(h)	Jurisdictional Considerations.  Making a purchase and receiving the Tokens under this Agreement is not unlawful or prohibited in the jurisdiction in which the Purchaser is located or domiciled or where its principal place of business is located, or in any other jurisdiction to which the Purchaser or its properties may be subject.  The Purchaser is not located, does not have a place of business or is not conducting business (i) in a jurisdiction in which paying the Purchase Amount to the Seller or acquiring the Tokens is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act or (ii) in a jurisdiction that is subject to U.S. or other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes.  The Purchaser is not itself subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by any country, government or international authority.

(i)	Unlawful Activity.  Any Purchase made under this Agreement is not derived from or related to any unlawful activities, including but not limited to money laundering or terrorist financing activities, and the Purchaser shall not use the Tokens to finance, engage in, or otherwise support any unlawful activities.

(j)	Token Functionality.  The Purchaser is not acquiring the Tokens for speculative investment purposes.  The Purchaser is acquiring the Tokens to use them on the Platform. 

### 5.	ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING, ECONOMIC SANCTIONS, ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-BOYCOTT

5.1.	Identity of the Purchaser and Beneficial Owners.  Neither the the Purchaser, nor any of its affiliates or direct or indirect beneficial owners, (i) appears on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”) nor are they otherwise a party with which the Seller is prohibited to deal under the laws of the United States or subject to the economic financial sanctions or export controls issued by the Republic of Seychelles, (ii) is a person identified as a terrorist organization on any other relevant lists maintained by governmental authorities, (iii) appears on the EU Financial Sanctions Lists, or (iv) unless otherwise disclosed in writing to the Seller prior to the date of this Agreement, is a senior foreign political figure, or any immediate family member or close associate of a senior foreign political figure.  The Purchaser further represents and warrants that, if applicable, the Purchaser: (i) has conducted thorough due diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners, (ii) has established the identities of all direct and indirect beneficial owners and the source of each beneficial owner’s funds and (iii) will retain evidence of those identities, any source of funds and any due diligence.

5.2.	Source and Use of Funds.  The Purchaser represents, warrants and agrees that:

(a)	no payment or other transfer of value to the Seller and no payment or other transfer of value to the Purchaser shall cause the Seller to be in violation of applicable U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. laws or regulations, including, without limitation, anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, anti-bribery or anti-boycott laws or regulations, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, or the various statutes, regulations and executive orders administered by OFAC (“OFAC Regulations”), or any Republic of Seychelles laws or regulations including without limitation the economic financial sanctions or export controls issued by the Republic of Seychelles.

(b)	no payment or other transfer of value to the Seller is or will be derived from, pledged for the benefit of, or related in any way to, (i) the government of any country designated by the U.S. Secretary of State or by the Republic of Seychelles as a country supporting international terrorism, (ii) property that is blocked under any OFAC Regulations or that would be blocked under OFAC Regulations if it were in the custody of a U.S. national, (iii) persons to whom U.S. nationals cannot lawfully export services, or with whom U.S. nationals cannot lawfully engage in transactions under OFAC Regulations, (iv) the government of any country that has been designated as a non-cooperative country or designated by the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury or by the Republic of Seychelles as a money launderering jurisdiction (v) persons who appear on the EU Financial Sanctions Lists, or (vi) directly or indirectly, any illegal activities.  The  Purchaser acknowledges that, pursuant to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, the Seller may be required to collect documentation verifying the identity and the source of funds used to acquire the Tokens before, and from time to time after, the date of this Agreement, or any Republic of Seychelles laws or regulations including without limitation the economic financial sanctions or export controls issued by the Republic of Seychelles.

(c)	all payments or other transfer of value to the Seller by the Purchaser will be made through an account (or virtual currency public address whose associated balance, either directly or indirectly, has been funded by such an account) located in a jurisdiction that does not appear on the list of boycotted countries published by the U.S. Department of Treasury pursuant to § 999(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code as in effect at the time of the payment or other transfer of value.  In the event that the Purchaser is, receives deposits from, makes payments to or conducts transactions relating to a non-U.S. banking institution (a “Non U.S. Bank”) in connection with the acquisition of the Tokens, the Non-U.S. Bank: (i) has a fixed address, other than an electronic address or a post office box, in a country in which it is authorized to conduct banking activities, (ii) employs one or more individuals on a full-time basis, (iii) maintains operating records related to its banking activities, (iv) is subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed it to conduct banking activities and (v) does not provide banking services to any other Non-U.S. Bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not a registered affiliate.

5.3.	Additional Information.  The Purchaser will provide to the Seller at any time during the existence of the Seller any information that the Seller determines to be necessary or appropriate (i) to comply with the anti-money laundering laws, anti-terrorism laws, rules and regulations and or any similar laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction and (ii) to respond to requests for information concerning the identity and or source of funds of the Purchaser from any governmental authority, self-regulatory organization or financial institution in connection with its anti-money laundering compliance procedures, or to update that information.  The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Seller may be required to report any action or failure to comply with information requests and to disclose the identity to governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations and financial institutions, in certain circumstances without notifying the the Purchaser that the information has been so provided.  Any report and/or disclosure made under these circumstances shall not be treated as a breach of the Confidential Information provisions of Article 7.  The Purchaser further understands and agrees that any failure on its part to comply with this Section 5.3 would allow the Seller to terminate the Agreement and require the forfeiture of any the Tokens previously delivered to the Purchaser.

5.4.	Filing of Suspicious Activity Reports.  The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Seller, in complying with anti-money laundering statutes, regulations and goals, may file voluntarily or as required by law, a suspicious activity report (“SAR”) or any other information with governmental and law enforcement agencies that identify transactions and activities that the Seller reasonably determines to be suspicious, or is otherwise required by law.  The Purchaser acknowledges that the Seller is prohibited by law from disclosing to third parties, including the the Purchaser, any SAR filing itself or the fact that a SAR has been filed.

5.5.	Voluntary Compliance.  The Purchaser understands and agrees that even if the Seller is not obligated to comply with any U.S. anti-money laundering requirements, the Seller and has nevertheless chosen to voluntarily comply with such requirements as the Seller has deemed appropriate in its sole discretion.  The Purchaser agrees to cooperate with the Seller as may be required in the reasonable opinion of the Seller in connection with such compliance.

### 6.	INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY

6.1.	Purchaser Indemnification.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Purchaser will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller and its respective employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, shareholders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against all actual or threatened claims, lawsuits, damages, awards, judgments, losses, investigations (whether formal or informal), liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether claimed by the Indemnified parties or third parties including governmental authorities, and whether known or unknown, in law or equity (collectively, “Claims”) arising from or relating to (i) the Purchaser’s acquisition or use of the Tokens under this Agreement, (ii) the performance or non-performance of the Purchaser’s responsibilities or obligations under this Agreement, (iii)  the Purchaser’s breach of this Agreement, (iv) any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of the Purchaser, (v) the Purchaser’s violation of any rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights) of any other person or entity; or (vi) any act or omission of the Purchaser that is negligent, unlawful or constitutes wilful  misconduct.  This foregoing indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies that may be available to the Indemnified Parties under applicable law.

6.2.	Limitation of Liability.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Purchaser disclaims any right of action against any Indemnified Party that would give rise to any liability whatsoever on the part of any Indemnified Party as a result of (i) the inability of the Purchaser to use the Tokens or the Platform, including as a result of any termination or suspension of the Platform, power outages, maintenance, defects, system failures or other interruptions, (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, (iii) any investments, expenditures or commitments made by the Purchaser in connection with this Agreement or the use by the Purchaser of the Platform or (iv) any unauthorized access to, or alteration of, or the deletion, destruction, damage, loss or failure to store any data, including records, private key or other credentials, associated with any the Tokens.  In no circumstances shall an Indemnified Party be liable to the Purchaser (whether in contract, tort, breach of statutory duty, restitution or otherwise) for any of the following types of losses:

(a)	any loss of profits, loss of business, loss of revenue or income, loss of contract, loss or depletion of goodwill or business opportunity, loss of anticipated savings or like loss; and

(b)	incidental, indirect, consequential, special or punitive losses and damages,
in each case regardless of the cause of action, whether the Indemnified Party was advised of the possibility of such losses arising or whether such losses were foreseeable.

6.3.	Damages.  Notwithstanding anything in Section 6.2 to the contrary, (i) the limitations and exclusions of liability set forth in Section 6.2 shall not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional, or wilful misconduct of any Indemnified Party to the extent that such limitation would not be enforceable under applicable law and (ii) the maximum joint liability of the Indemnified Parties in the aggregate to the Purchaser under or in connection with this Agreement shall not exceed the Purchase Amount.

### 7.	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

7.1.	Non-Disclosure.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the parties agree to hold each other’s Confidential Information (as such term is defined in Section 7.2 below) confidential for a period of five (5) years following the date of this Agreement or any rescission, termination or repudiation hereof.  The parties agree that unless required by law, they shall not make each other’s Confidential Information available in any form to any third party or to use each other’s Confidential Information for any purpose other than the implementation of this Agreement.  Each party agrees to take all reasonable steps to ensure that Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by its employees or agents in breach of this Agreement.

7.2.	Confidential Information.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean in relation to a party, all material and information that has or will come into possession or knowledge of the other party in connection with its performance hereunder and which in the ordinary course of business is considered to be treated confidential.  The content of this Agreement, not including the fact that it has been entered into, shall also constitute Confidential Information.  A party’s “Confidential Information” shall not include information that: (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission of the other party; (b) was in the other party’s lawful possession prior to the disclosure and had not been obtained by the other party either directly or indirectly from the disclosing party; (c) is lawfully disclosed to the other party by a third party without restriction on disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the other party; or (e) is required to be disclosed by any judicial or governmental requirement or order (provided that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, recipient timely advises the disclosing party of the governmental demand for disclosure); and (e) is disclosed to any banking, financial or credit institution in order to comply with relevant KYC/AML obligations that may be imposed for the purposes of opening, maintaining or operating a bank account in the Seller’s name.

7.3.	No Public Announcements.  The Purchaser may announce that it has entered into the Agreement with the Seller to acquire the Tokens but may not, without the prior written consent of the Seller, make any other public announcements, issue any media release or similar publicity relating to any of the terms or provisions of the Agreement including, without limitation, any economic terms included in the Agreement.  Neither party shall use the trademarks, tradename, logo or other intellectual property rights of the other party without having obtained its prior written consent.

7.4.	Specific Performance.  Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that each party may have, each party acknowledges and agrees that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the terms of this Section 7 by the other party.  Accordingly, each party shall be entitled to the remedies of injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of this Section 7.

### 8.	DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY ARBITRATION
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CLAUSE CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT CONTAINS CERTAIN PROVISIONS, SUCH AS A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH AFFECT THE PURCHASER’S LEGAL RIGHTS. THIS SECTION REQUIRES THE PURCHASER TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH THE SELLER AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH THE PURCHASER CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM THE SELLER.   

8.1.	Binding Arbitration.  Except for any disputes, claims, suits, actions, causes of action, demands or proceedings (collectively, “Disputes”) in which either party seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents, the Purchaser and the Seller each (i) waive their respective rights to have any and all Disputes arising from or related to this Agreement resolved in a court and (ii) waive their respective rights to a jury trial.  Instead, the Purchaser and the Seller agree to arbitrate Disputes through binding arbitration (which is the referral of a Dispute to one or more persons charged with reviewing the Dispute and making a final and binding determination to resolve it instead of having the Dispute decided by a judge or jury in court).

8.2.	No Class Arbitrations, Class Actions or Representative Actions. Any Dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement is personal to the Purchaser and the Seller and will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.  There will be no class arbitration or arbitration in which an individual attempts to resolve a Dispute as a representative of another person or group of persons.  Further, a Dispute cannot be brought as a class or other type of representative action, whether within or outside of arbitration, or on behalf of any other individual or group of individuals. 

8.3.	Notice; Informal Dispute Resolution. Each party will notify the other party in writing of any Dispute within thirty (30) days of the date it arises, so that the parties can attempt in good faith to resolve the Dispute informally.  Notice to the Seller shall be sent by e-mail to shane@geckogovernance.com.  Notice to the Purchaser shall be sent to the address set forth on the signature line to this Agreement or to such other address as may be provided to the Seller in writing. If the Purchaser and the Seller cannot agree how to resolve the Dispute within thirty (30) days after the date that the notice is received by the applicable party, then either party may, as appropriate and in accordance with this Section 8, make a request for arbitration or, to the extent specifically provided for in Section 8.1, file a claim in court.

8.4.	Process.  The seat and venue of the arbitration shall be the Republic of Seychelles].  The arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator appointed by the International Chamber of Commerce in accordance with the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce Rules of Arbitration, which are hereby incorporated by reference. 

8.5.	Authority of Arbitrator.  The arbitrator will have (i) the exclusive authority and jurisdiction to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding a Dispute, including the determination of whether a Dispute is arbitrable and (ii) the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, provided, however, that the arbitrator does not have the authority to conduct a class arbitration or a representative or class action, which is prohibited by this Agreement.  The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.

8.6.	Severability of Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Provisions. If any term, clause or provision of this Section 8 is held invalid or unenforceable, it will be so held to the minimum extent applicable and required by law, and all other terms, clauses and provisions of this Section 8 will remain valid and enforceable.  Further, the waivers set forth in Section 8.2 above are severable from the other provisions of this Agreement and will remain valid and enforceable, except as prohibited by applicable law. 

### 9.	MISCELLANEOUS

9.1.	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Schedules to the Agreement, and the materials incorporated herein by reference, constitute the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and communication, whether written or oral with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.2.	Conflicts.  In the event of any conflict between the terms set out in this Agreement and those set out in the Whitepaper or in the Distribution Terms, except and unless this Agreement provides otherwise, the terms set out in this Agreement shall prevail.

9.3.	Amendment; Modification.  No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Seller may, in its sole discretion, update, amend or modify any terms or provisions of the Whitepaper or the Distribution Terms at any time without the consent of the Purchaser by posting a revised version of the Whitepaper or the Distribution Terms (as the case may be) on the Seller’s website.  It is the Purchaser’s responsibility to check the Seller’s website for any such updates.  

9.4.	No Waiver.  The failure by the Seller to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a present or future waiver of such provision nor limit the Seller’s right to enforce such provision at a later time.  All waivers by the Seller must be unequivocal and in writing to be effective.

9.5.	Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, inoperative or unenforceable for any reason, the provision shall be modified to make it valid and, to the extent possible, effectuate the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

9.6.	No Joint Venture or Partnership.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute either party a partner, joint venture or employee of the other party for any purpose.  Nothing in this Agreement and no action taken by the parties pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute either party the agent of the other party for any purpose.  No party has, pursuant to this Agreement, any authority or power to bind or to contract in the name of the other party.  This Agreement does not create any third party beneficiary rights in any person.

9.7.	Assignment.  The Purchaser may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any of its rights hereunder (including, without limitation, the right to take delivery of any the Tokens), without the prior written consent of the Seller, which consent may be withheld by the Seller in its sole and absolute discretion.  Any such purported assignment or transfer by the Purchaser in violation of this provision will be void.  The Seller may assign this Agreement, or its rights and obligations under this Agreement, to an affiliate.

9.8.	Termination; Survival.  This Agreement will terminate one year from the Effective Date or, if earlier, the date, if any, on which the Seller publicly announces its determination in its sole discretion to discontinue the Platform and cease all the Tokens distributions.  The Seller may terminate this Agreement at any time upon a breach by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder.  Upon any such termination of this Agreement, (i) all rights of the Purchaser hereunder shall immediately terminate, (ii) the Purchaser will not be entitled to a refund of the Purchase Amount and (iii) the provisions and obligations set forth in Sections 6 and 7 and the representations and warranties of the Purchaser shall survive such termination.

9.9.	Governing Law; Jurisdiction.  This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Seychelles.  The Parties agree that any Disputes shall be arbitrated in accordance and the arbitration provisions contained in Section 8, and that such provisions shall extend to any suit, action or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (“Proceedings”).  Subject to the provisions of this Section 9.9, the courts of the Republic of Seychelles shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non contractual disputes and claims).

9.10.	Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  A signed copy of this Agreement transmitted by email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original executed copy of this Agreement for all purposes.

9.11.	Notices.  Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be deemed sufficient when sent by email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice received by the appropriate party.

9.12.	Force Majeure.  The Seller shall not be liable or responsible to the Purchaser, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement, including without limitation, launching the Platform or delivery of the Tokens, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the affected party’s reasonable control, including, without limitation: (a) acts of God; (b) flood, fire, earthquake or explosion; (c) war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist, hacking or cyber threats, attacks or acts, or other civil unrest; (d) applicable law; or (e) action by any governmental authority.

9.13.	Data Protection.  The Purchaser consents to the Seller holding and processing data relating to the Purchaser for legal, personnel, administrative, and management purposes and, in particular to, the processing of any personal data in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Seychelles relating to the Purchaser as appropriate.  The Purchaser consents to the Seller making such information available to other companies in its group, those who provide products or services to the Seller, regulatory authorities, governmental or quasi-governmental organizations and potential purchasers of the Seller or any part of its business.  The Purchaser consents to the transfer of such information to the Seller’s business contacts outside the European Economic Area in order to further its business interests.

 
## SCHEDULE B

### TOKEN FUNCTIONALITY

The Tokens are a virtual currency to be used on the Platform.  The Tokens implement a macro-econometric oracle feature to endogenously govern their own maximum supply once forged (i.e. mined) to an initial limit. The Seller expects to create digital currencies similar to the Tokens for each country that reliably reports GDP.  Tokens are intended to share a simplified set of traits withdomestic fiat so that residents may select away from the short-run decisions of their central bank while still retaining money tethered to the long-run progress of the applicable national economy.

The Tokens have three key features.  First, they are forged via a proof-of-stake approach.  Second, stakeholders may elect to add (and later delete) personal information to satisfy anti-money laundering and KYC laws and regulations.  Third, once fully distributed, the rate of change in the minable (i.e. forgeable) supply of a Token parallels the rate of change in the GDP of the country to which the Token relates. 

The Tokens can be used on the Platform (i) as a medium of exchange, (ii) fa unit of account, (iii) a store of value, or (iv) in connection with other usage as more fully described in the Seller’s Whitepaper.

The Seller does not believe that the Tokens are securities as such term is defined under the U.S. Securities Act and related regulations.  However, no assurance can be made that the SEC would reach the same conclusion.  Accordingly, the Tokens are being distributed only outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Tokens are not intended for speculative investment.  The Seller makes no promises of future performance or future value of the Tokens. 

Holding the Tokens is in no way the equivalent of holding a share of stock in the Seller; it does not allow the token holder to participate in Seller decision making, profits, revenue share, or otherwise; and the Tokens or holders of the Tokens (“Tokenholders”) have no rights in the Seller, implied or otherwise.  Importantly, Tokenholders should have no expectation of profiting from their purchase of the Tokens.  
 
## SCHEDULE C

### RISKS

(a)	Software Weaknesses:  The Platform, the Tokens and the underlying software application (i.e. the Ethereum blockchain or other) are subject to ongoing development and many aspects remain unproven.  There is no warranty or assurance that the process for creating and issuing the Tokens will be uninterrupted or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss of the Tokens or ETH.  Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks to cryptographic coins and to the Platform.  The Tokens and the Platform may be based on the Ethereum protocol.  As such, any malfunction, unintended function, unexpected functioning of or attack on the Ethereum protocol may cause the Platform or the Tokens to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner.

(b)	Uncertain Regulatory Framework:  The regulatory status of cryptographic coins, digital assets and blockchain technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions.  It is difficult to predict how or whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies.  It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether any governmental authority may make changes to existing laws, regulations or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, coins, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications.  Such changes could negatively impact the Tokens in various ways, including, for example, through a determination that the Tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration.  As a result, the Seller could make a determination that is required or in the best interests of the Seller to cease the distribution of the Tokens or the development of the Platform entirely, or that it is required or in the best interests of the Seller or cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that governmental actions make it unlawful or commercially undesirable to continue to do so in that jursidiction.  Blockchain activities, including the Platform, could be impacted by a number of regulatory initiatives or developments in multiple jurisdictions including with respect to consumer privacy and protection, data privacy and protection, cyber security, intellectual property rights and protections, and other new categories of laws and regulations.  Such regulatory initiatives and developments could significantly impact the Token Functionality.

(c)	Government Action:  Because of the regulatory uncertainty described above, blockchain activities, including the activities of the Seller and the Platform may be subject to heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations or enforcement actions.  There can be no assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations of the Seller or pursue regulatory or enforcement actions against the Seller.  Such governmental activities, if they were to occur, might or might not be the result of targeting the Seller in particular.  All of this could subject the Seller to judgments, settlements, fines or penalties or require or cause the Seller to restructure its operations and activities, to cease offering certain products or services in one or more jurisdictions or refrain from delivering the Tokens to certain persons or in certain jurisdictions.  If any of the foregoing were to occur, the reputation of the Seller and the ability of the Seller to continue to develop the Platform could be adversely affected, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Tokens.

(d)	Insufficient Interest:  The creation and issue of the Tokens and the development of the Platform may be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from the public, lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (for example, caused by competing projects).  There is no assurance that, even if the Platform is developed as contemplated by the Whitepaper, the Purchaser will receive any benefits through the the Tokens received pursuant to the Agreement.  Aspects of the Platform may require third party development support.  There is no assurance that those third parties will complete their required work or properly carry out their obligations. 

(e)	Risk Associated With Other Applications:  It is possible that alternative platforms and businesses could be established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the Platform.  The Platform may compete with these alternative platforms and businesses, which could negatively impact the adoption of the Platform and the Tokens.  In addition, the Platform may give rise to other, alternative projects, promoted by unaffiliated third parties, under which the Tokens will have reduced, or potentially no, intrinsic value.  There is a risk that the Seller or its representatives, or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the Platform interfering with the use of, or causing the loss of, the Tokens.

(f)	Loss of Private Key:  The Tokens can only be accessed by using a digital wallet with a combination of the Purchaser’s account information (address), private key and password.  The private key is encrypted with a password.  The Purchaser understands and accepts that if the private key or password gets lost or stolen, the the Tokens associated with the Purchaser’s account (address) or password may be unrecoverable and permanently lost.  Additionally, any third party that gains access to the Purchaser’s private key, including by gaining access to the login credentials relating to the Purchaser’s digital wallet, may be able to misappropriate the Purchaser’s the Tokens.

(g)	Theft:  The smart contract used to generate the Tokens and the underlying software application (for example, the Ethereum blockchain) may be exposed to attacks by hackers or other individuals including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing.  Any such successful attacks could result in theft or loss of Purchases or the Tokens, adversely impacting the ability to use or develop the Platform and derive any usage or functionality from the Tokens.

(h)	The Tokens/Other Blockchain Mining Attacks:  As with other cryptocurrencies, the blockchain being used for the Tokens is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks.  Any successful attacks present a risk to the Tokens and the Platform, expected proper execution and sequencing of the Tokens transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing of contract computations.

(i)	Incompatible Wallet Service:  The wallet or wallet service provider used for the Purchase has to be technically compatible with the Tokens.  The failure to assure this may have the result that the Purchaser will not gain access to the delivered the Tokens.

(j)	Development Risk:  The timing for issuing the Tokens and for completing various steps in the implementation of the Platform are set forth in the Whitepaper.  However there is no assurance that the Seller will meet those target dates.  The Purchaser understands that the date on which the Seller intends to deliver the Tokens to the Purchaser could be delayed.  The Platform operationality may be limited at the time of Tokens delivery and not all of the anticipated operational features intended for the Platform may be functioning at that time.  The Platform will still be subject to ongoing development and could undergo significant changes over time.  In addition, because the development of the Platform may be depended on third parties, the Seller may have limited control over future the Token Functionality or in assuring the ongoing operation and performance of the Platform. 

(k)	Risk of Unfavorable Fluctuation of Currency Value:  Proceeds received shall be immediately leveraged to fund the development of the Platform, market adoption and other business operating expenses.  If the value of ETH fluctuates unfavorably, the Seller may not be able to fund development, or may not be able to develop or maintain the Platform in the manner that it intended. 

(l)	No Liquidity: The Tokens are not intended for investment purposes.  The Token holders may not be able to sell, transfer or trade the Tokens to any other party.  The Tokens are intended to be used only in connection with the Platform.  There may never be a secondary market for the Tokens.  The Tokens may be subject to significant transfer restrictions as a result of actions taken by the Seller or by government regulators. 

(m)	Money Transmission:  The Seller has not determined whether it is a money transmitter (“MT”) or a money services business (“MSB”).  If the Seller was deemed to be an MT or MSB, it would be subject to significant additional regulation in the United States, the Republic of Seychelles, and in potentially other jurisdictions as well.  This could lead to significant changes with respect to the Platform, how the Tokens are structured, how they are purchased and sold, and other issues, and could greatly increase the Seller’s costs in creating and facilitating transactions in the Tokens.  It could also lead to termination of the Tokens.  A regulator could take action against the Seller if it were to view the Tokens as violating existing laws.  Any of these outcomes could force the Seller to cease operations. 

(n)	Risk of Uninsured Losses:  Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, funds or cryptocurrencies held using the Platform (directly or indirectly) are generally uninsured. In the event of any loss, there is no public insurer, such as the FDIC, or private insurer, to offer recourse to the Purchaser.

(o)	Risk of Dissolution of the Seller: It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including an unfavorable fluctuation in the value of ETH, development issues with the Platform, the failure of business relationships, or competing intellectual property claims, the Platform or Seller may no longer be viable as a business or otherwise and may dissolve or fail to launch. 

(p)	Proposed Future Activities:  Certain of the future services contemplated by the Seller could subject the Seller and related entities to various regulatory requirements in the United States that could require that the Seller or such related entities register as a broker-dealer, investment adviser or an exchange under applicable U.S. securities laws.  There is no assurance that the Seller or its affiliates would be able to obtain such required registrations or whether the Seller would choose to do so.  If the Seller or such related entities is unable to obtain such registrations that could result in the Seller deciding not to offer those future services.

(q)	Taxation:  The tax characterization of the Tokens is uncertain.  Purchasers must seek their own tax advice in connection with the acquisition, transfer and use of the Tokens, which may result in adverse tax consequences, including, without limitation, withholding taxes, transfer taxes, value added taxes, income taxes and similar taxes, levies, duties or other charges and tax reporting requirements.

(r)	Unanticipated Risks: Blockchain and cryptography are new and untested technologies. In addition to the risks discussed in this Agreement, there are risks that the Seller cannot anticipate. Further risks may materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the discussed risks or new risks may emerge.
